Update BigQuery connector documentation (#25109)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/bigquery.md

### Multiple GCP projects

The BigQuery connector can only access a single GCP project. Thus, if you have
data in multiple GCP projects, You need to create several catalogs, each
pointing to a different GCP project. For example, if you have two GCP projects,
one for the sales and one for analytics, you can create two properties files in
`etc/catalog` named `sales.properties` and `analytics.properties`, both
having `connector.name=bigquery` but with different `project-id`. This will
create the two catalogs, `sales` and `analytics` respectively.

> ### Understanding Project ID Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Project ID resolution
```

> The BigQuery connector determines the project ID to use based on the 

Reviewer: Somewhere we need to link to some sort docs from BigQuery that explains more about the project ID ideally .. maybe right here

Reviewer: Link the `project ID` to the link I found

configuration settings. The following table explains how project IDs 
are resolved in different scenarios:

> :::{list-table} Project ID Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{list-table} Project ID resolution
```

:widths: 30, 55
:header-rows: 1

* - Configuration

>   - Effective Project ID Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Effective project ID usage
```

* - Only `bigquery.credentials-key`

>   - The project ID from the service account in the credentials key is used for both querying data and billing.

Reviewer: wrap at 80 char .. also rest of table

> * - `bigquery.credentials-key` + `bigquery.project-id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.project-id`
```

  - The specified `bigquery.project-id` is used for querying data, while the project ID from the credentials key is used for billing.

> * - `bigquery.credentials-key` + `bigquery.parent-project-id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.parent-project-id`
```

  - The project ID from the credentials key is used for querying data, while the specified `bigquery.parent-project-id` is used for billing.

> * - `bigquery.credentials-key` + `bigquery.parent-project-id` + `bigquery.project-id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.parent-project-id` and `bigquery.project-id`
```

  - The specified `bigquery.project-id` is used for querying data, and the specified `bigquery.parent-project-id` is used for billing.

> :::

Reviewer 2: this can be distilled to:

"Billing Project in BigQuery: The `bigquery.parent-project-id` is used for billing when specified. In it's absence the project id from the `bigquery.credentials-key` is used for billing."

AND

"Data querying project id: Unless `bigquery.project-id` is set the project id from `bigquery.credentials-key` is used for querying the data."

Author: Thank you - I will change the table layout and make the description shorter, I think this will be better now

### Multiple GCP projects

> The BigQuery connector can only access a single GCP project. Thus, if you have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BigQuery connector can only access a single GCP project. If you have
```

> data in multiple GCP projects, you need to create several catalogs, each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data in multiple GCP projects, you must create several catalogs, each
```

pointing to a different GCP project. For example, if you have two GCP projects,
one for the sales and one for analytics, you can create two properties files in
`etc/catalog` named `sales.properties` and `analytics.properties`, both
having `connector.name=bigquery` but with different `project-id`. This will
create the two catalogs, `sales` and `analytics` respectively.

(bigquery-project-id-resolution)=
### Billing and data projects

> The BigQuery connector determines the

Reviewer: Fix wrapping in this paragraph to 80 char .. currently its weird

[project ID](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects)
to use based on the configuration settings.
This behavior provides users with flexibility in selecting both

> the project to query and the project to be billed for BigQuery operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the project to query and the project to bill for BigQuery operations.
```

### Multiple GCP projects

The BigQuery connector can only access a single GCP project. Thus, if you have

> data in multiple GCP projects, You need to create several catalogs, each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
data in multiple GCP projects, you need to create several catalogs, each
```

pointing to a different GCP project. For example, if you have two GCP projects,
one for the sales and one for analytics, you can create two properties files in
`etc/catalog` named `sales.properties` and `analytics.properties`, both
having `connector.name=bigquery` but with different `project-id`. This will
create the two catalogs, `sales` and `analytics` respectively.

(bigquery-project-id-resolution)=
### Project ID resolution

The BigQuery connector can be configured to use different project for billing, 
see more in the 

> [Google Cloud documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/attach-service-accounts).

Reviewer: why that link .. maybe we need to change the link title to mention service accounts..

Author: Removed this sentence per https://github.com/trinodb/trino/pull/25109#discussion_r1970331942

The BigQuery connector determines the project ID to use based on the 
configuration settings. The following table explains how project IDs 
are resolved in different scenarios:

> :::{list-table} Project ID resolution

Reviewer: title needs to be updated now I think.. its not about resolution really its about billing vs query execution .. same for the section

:widths: 30, 33, 33
:header-rows: 1

* - Configured properties
  - Billing project in BigQuery
  - Data querying project ID
* - Only `bigquery.credentials-key`

>   - The project ID from the service account in the credentials key 

Reviewer 2: nit: here we say "project ID from the service account in the credentials key" and some places we say "project ID from the credentials key". Let's keep the latter everywhere (shorter and no risk of confusion).

Author: Applied!

> is used for billing.

Reviewer: indent here and all others.. ensure the docs actually builds..

  - The project ID from the service account in the credentials key 
is used for querying data.
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.project-id`
  - The project ID from the credentials key is used for billing.
  - `bigquery.project-id` is used for querying data.
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.parent-project-id`
  - `bigquery.parent-project-id` is used for billing.
  - The project ID from the credentials key is used for querying data. 
* - `bigquery.credentials-key` and `bigquery.parent-project-id` 
and `bigquery.project-id`
  - `bigquery.parent-project-id` is used for billing.
  - `bigquery.project-id` is used for querying data.
:::

> This behavior ensures that users have flexibility in specifying which project 

Reviewer: I think this is a great summary and should be above the table as explanation why this even matters.. and probably needs a bit of rewording

  - Description
  - Default
* - `bigquery.project-id`

>   - The Google Cloud Project ID where the data reside, 

Reviewer: maybe better to says something like

The project ID of the Google Cloud account used to store the data, see also
